I'm going…
Nanami.
I won't allow it.
I told you the reason this morning.
Now that they have put on the Veil,
he's probably still alive
and in Satozakura High School now.
I'll come right away.
Please be on standby, Itadori.
I guess it's useless to say that.
That's all.
I'll leave the rest to you, Ino.
What?
Is there a problem?
No, but their numbers…
There are too many of them.
And they are all humans, right?
I can recommend you to become
a Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer.
I'll do my best!
All right!
Step aside, Mr. Ijichi.
Our job is to save people.
That includes you, the students.
I won't make the same mistake again.
You can't go, Itadori.
I'm sorry, Mr. Ijichi.
What are you doing, Junpei?
Step aside, Jujutsu Sorcerer.
Moon Dregs!
Jellyfish Shikigami?
My attacks don't work
after he goes inside it!
I'll repeat myself.
Step aside, Jujutsu Sorcerer.
This has nothing to do with you.
That's not for you to decide!
What's the point
of randomly saving people?
Don't mistake…
the value of life!
The heart,
the so-called compassion by human beings,
is just the metabolism of the soul,
and it's an illusion!
Don't use illusive rules to restrain me.
Those who deserve to die
shouldn't be spared.
You have no right to stop me.
Just sleep in there.
I have work to do.
Your cursed technique…
is poison.
The poison extracted
from your cursed energy
is secreted through
the tentacles of Shikigami.
The toxicity level, size, and strength
of the Shikigami can be changed.
Just take your time to learn.
It usually takes years for
Jujutsu Sorcerers to learn that skill,
but I can teach you,
so you'll be able to fight soon.
Junpei, you're truly talented.
Who are you making excuses for?
Why?
Moon Dregs' poison is ineffective on him!
Why must you hinder me?
Why…
Why?
He can't move in the air.
If I want to crush him, I need to
strike him while he is in mid-air!
I don't understand a single thing…
you're saying, Junpei!
Even if you said something
that quite makes sense.
The best way to beat a Shikigami
is to go for the user.
You just…
want to think that you're right.
I don't know your motives.
You must have had a reason.
However…
Is it really…
worth giving up that kind of life?
You said the human heart is illusive.
But could you say that to your mother?
People don't have hearts…
-You're still…
-They don't!
Otherwise…
Are you saying that my mother and I
have been cursed by people with hearts?
That's too much.
I no longer know what's right and wrong.
Why…
Why didn't you evade it?
I'm sorry.
I didn't know anything,
but I said those things.
Tell me what happened.
I'll never curse you, Junpei.
So…
How could this be? Your mother…
Junpei, come to Jujutsu High.
We have very strong teachers
and plenty of reliable comrades.
If we work together,
we can find the culprit
who cursed your mother.
We will avenge her!
Let's fight together!
What?
Who are you?
What's with this guy?
Is he a human?
Nice to meet you.
No, this sensation…
Sukuna's vessel.
Wait, Mahito!
Am I an idiot?
A human-looking Cursed Spirit
with a patchwork face…
It's exactly the Cursed Spirit
that Nanami described!
Run, Junpei!
I don't know what
your relationship is with him,
but run away now!
Please!
Calm down, Itadori.
Mahito is not…
A bad person.
You know you're smart, right, Junpei?
But sometimes, deliberation
can lead to more serious consequences
than rash actions.
You're the typical example.
You're just as stupid as those
you looked down on.
And that's why you'll die.
Idle Transfiguration.
Come on, let's begin the second round!
Junpei…
Junpei!
Snap out of it!
I'll treat you now.
Sukuna…
Sukuna!
What is it?
I'll do anything!
Do whatever you want with me!
So please heal Junpei like how you…
cured my heart back then!
I refuse.
Darn you.
Good. He has forgotten
about our Binding Vow.
I'm so happy!
You gave up your pride and future.
You gave up everything to beg me.
But you can't save anything.
He rejected the Binding Vow?
Although souls can't use
Reverse Cursed Technique to heal…
Is he not good at treating others?
You're so miserable.
You're so miserable, brat.
But this is just
the first step towards my goal, anyway.
This is pretty good too.
Oh, I see.
In the end,
they are nothing…
but evil curses.
Yuji…
Why?
He's dead already?
I did transfigure him
a little too violently, after all.
No wonder he's dead.
That's some kind of strange attack.
Interesting!
Unfortunately, it doesn't work.
As long as I maintain
the shape of my soul…
What?
What's happening?
Even my soul got beaten up.
Oh, right.
Yuji Itadori is a vessel.
There is another soul
that dwells inside his body.
So naturally…
Can you perceive it?
The contours of my soul, that is!
It's as if what I've said were all lies.
My true intention is…
I'll fucking kill you.
Aren't you mistaking it for "exorcise"?
Jujutsu Sorcerer.
Yuji Itadori
has no regard for his own life.
Geto doesn't allow me to use
an external Binding Vow
such as taking hostages.
Then if he meets someone he wants
to kill badly but is unable to,
will he rely on Sukuna?
If Junpei's death isn't enough,
I'll just have to kill everyone
in this school.
A hatred that transcends
his own interests will impose
a Binding Vow on Yuji Itadori
in Sukuna's favor.
It would be better if it increases
the chance of Sukuna joining us.
But this means
I have to be stronger than him.
And surprisingly, I'm up against…
my mortal enemy.
He keeps reshaping his soul.
Should I not grapple him after a throw?
Since his attack is effective,
it's not a good idea to transform
my body to give him a bigger target.
-In that case…
I'll do it a hundred or thousand times.
I'll continue to strike…
until you're crushed!
Let's change into
a streamlined form that's…
optimal for killing!
I'm sure you can't stretch forever.
Normal people would have let go of it.
If I extend my shape too wide,
the operability
and strength will decrease.
You can't beat me.
Hurry up and switch.
Switch to Sukuna.
Idle Transfiguration.
Did you just touch my soul?
We both laughed at this brat
from the bottom of our hearts.
I'll forgive you once.
There's no second chance.
Know your place…
you fool.
I'm not going to switch.
I told you, didn't I?
I'll fucking kill you.
What?
Oh, my.
Nanami…
I'll lecture you later.
Report the situation first.
I couldn't save them both.
He's always thinking of others.
How are you doing physically?
I'm fine.
I have a lot of holes, though.
How is that fine?
Also, everyone from the school
is unconscious in the gym.
Hey. You look energetic, 7:3 Sorcerer.
It's great that we're both doing well.
Shall we hug…
to celebrate our reunion?
Itadori, why is his nose bleeding?
What?
I punched him.
-When?
-At the very start.
Did he touch you with his hand?
Yes.
My attacks have zero effect on him.
What?
-Why?
-The reason will come during the lecture.
First, he may not be able
to use his ability on Itadori.
Second, he has a reason
not to kill Itadori.
Either way, it's an advantage.
But I can stifle his movements.
Let's create openings for each other
and take the opportunity to attack.
We must exorcise him here.
Okay!
JUJU STROLL